[rice cooker beeping]
[KOGUMA]
Hmm?
Hokuto, Yamanashi Prefecture.
Downhill from Hinoharu Station
on the Chuo Main Line,
past Koshu Highway is
a long, low incline.
[panting]
[KOGUMA]
I have no parents.
No money.
No hobbies or anything.
Nobody to call a friend.
No goals for my future.
[KOGUMA]
Yes. I really am...
[school bell chiming]
[TEACHER 1A] I hope you've
all had a pleasant morning.
Let's see... Any absences?
There don't appear to be.
Right, then!
[REIKO] "They knew that
they could go anywhere
with the motorcycle.
That's why they could
say most happily
where they would go tomorrow."
Hey, were watching
the show last night?
Man, you couldn't believe it―
So, like, I was scrolling
through videos on the Internet
'cause that's
basically all I do,
and I'm, like, obsessed
with this one girl I found!
She lives up in Hokkaido,
and she―
[school bell chiming]
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[sighs]
[KOGUMA grunts]
[KOGUMA panting]
[panting continues]
Huh?
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
Too much...
Looking to buy a scooter?
Well, I've been thinking
about getting one lately.
But it looks like everything
here is way more
than I can afford.
[SHINO] Huh. Have you
thought of buying used?
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
Uh...
[SHINO grunts]
[KOGUMA]
Um... I'm really broke.
[SHINO]
Just 10,000 yen.
[KOGUMA]
Uh...?
Mm...
[gasps]
Yeah. I'll take it.
[SHINO sighs]
But why is the price so low?
[SHINO grunts]
This bike... has some history.
Three deaths.
And that's all?
Huh?
I'll take it.
[SHINO]
Hmm.
Follow me.
[SHINO] Name goes there, and you
can fill out your address here.
Won't I... need a license?
[SHINO]
Hmm...
[SHINO] The questions on
the test never seem to change.
[sighs]
[SHINO]
Hmm?
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
Uh. Thank you so much, sir.
You've got a helmet
and gloves, yes?
I have them here in my bag.
[SHINO]
Hmm. Hold on just a moment.
You should take these.
Have they been involved
in any fatal accidents?
[SHINO]
Hmph. They're new.
It's a promotional deal.
[SHINO] You should bring
it back for an oil change
once you've ridden
100 kilometers.
That's especially important
for keeping the engine in shape
on a used one like this.
Okay.
[SHINO] And I'll
leave this right in here.
[SHINO grunts]
First, you wanna release
the handlebar lock,
turn the key to "on," then just
give the pedal a good kick.
I think I get it.
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
Gonna need to
give it a harder kick.
[KOGUMA whimpers]
It might be easier, knowing
the basics of how it works.
Wanna give it another go?
So before I kick...
...I should gradually move
the pedal with my foot...
...and find the position
where I feel it pushing back.
[KOGUMA gasps]
[engine puttering]
[KOGUMA]
Then, put it in gear.
[gasps]
[KOGUMA] Thanks so much
for your help, sir!
[SHINO sighs]
Ah?
Hmm.
[gasps]
[KOGUMA whimpers]
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
Uh?
[sighs]
I need a chain lock...
Meaning a trip to
the hardware store.
[KOGUMA]
Oh, right!
On my Cub!
[gasps]
[ding]
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
Mm...?
Hmm.
[KOGUMA grunts]
[KOGUMA] I should probably
hurry up and learn
to ride it properly.
Ah?
Hmm.
[KOGUMA groans]
[KOGUMA] The convenience
store at night...
Stay cool.
[chuckles]
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
Before kicking the pedal,
I need to move it back and forth
gently with my foot,
until I find the point where
I can feel it pushing back.
Huh...?
[KOGUMA]
What's wrong...?
[MAN 1A]
You okay?
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
It looks like you've got
something bothering ya.
Oh. I'm fine, thanks.
[MAN 1A] Hmm. Well,
it's getting late, so be careful
on your way back home.
Right, sure.
[coins clattering]
[MAN 1A]
Aw, for friggin'―
[growls]
Hate having to carry change...
[gasps]
[SHINO] And I'll leave
this right in here.
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
[gasps]
[KOGUMA] "When the engine
won't turn over." On page 89!
[gasps]
[KOGUMA]
The gas tank...?
Ah?
The fuel petcock.
"R-E-S." Reserve fuel!
[sighs]
[whimpers softly]
[KOGUMA]
Mm!
[engine revvs]
[KOGUMA panting]
[KOGUMA] "Unscrew the gas
cap from the fuel inlet.
Fill the tank with gasoline
until the fuel is even with
the lower edge of
the filler neck." Got it.
[KOGUMA sighs]
I'm finally home...
That could've been so bad...
[panting]
[alarm beeping]
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
Good.
"Warm up the engine.
But not too long."
Okay.
So... is that enough?
[KOGUMA] A full tank
is just over 500 yen.
On the Chuo Main Line,
that would get me
to around Kofu.
[KOGUMA]
Until yesterday...
...I didn't have anything.
But... from now on,
I have my Cub.
[KOGUMA]
I wonder, how far will we go?
[KOGUMA] Episode 2,
"Reiko."